WHAT WE&apos;RE
GOING TO DO JUST KIND OF GO
AROUND DENISOF, CALL ON YOU
FOLKS AND I JUST WANT TO REMIND
EVERYONE THAT FOR THE DIGITAL
MEETINGS IF YOU ARE NOT
SPEAKING TO PLEASE MUTE SO THAT
YOU KNOW ALL PRESENTATIONS CAN
BE DISPLAYED EQUALLY AND
OF QUALITY.
BUT WHAT WE&apos;LL DO IS WE&apos;LL GO
AROUND TO ROLL CALL IF YOU CAN
ACKNOWLEDGE JUST WHERE YOU&apos;RE
ZOOMING IN FROM IN TODAY THAT
WOULD BE GREAT.
&gt;&gt; SO DENISE, THIS MEETING WILL
BE CALLED LIVE ON C-SPAN CABLE
CHANNEL 16, AT&amp;T CHANNEL NINE
ONLINE A TO THAT OR WATCH KEY
TO MAKE A PUBLIC COMMENT CALL
TOLL FREE EIGHT SEVEN SEVEN
EIGHT FIVE THREE FIVE TO FOUR
SEVEN OR EIGHT EIGHT EIGHT
SEVEN EIGHT EIGHT ZERO ZERO
NINE NINE INTERMEETING AND NINE
ONE NINE EIGHT SIX SEVEN THREE
ONE FOUR FIVE FIVE
.
THANK YOU AND TO ALL THOSE
WATCHING WELCOME COMMISSIONER
POLLSTER COMMISSIONER HOBBINS
HERE DAMON HI.
YES GOOD AFTERNOON.
ZACK DAMAN, CHAIRMAN OF THE
COMMISSION ON DISABILITY
ISSUES.
I&apos;M HERE IN WASHTENAW COUNTY IN
ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
THE MISSION OF SOLOMON ABSENT
TODAY COMMISSIONER MOSAD.
&gt;&gt; YES.
GOOD AFTERNOON.
I&apos;M KATHLEEN MUSAC AND I&apos;M
CALLING IN FROM ANN ARBOR,
MICHIGAN VICE CHAIR SHAKILA AND
VICE COMMISSIONER VICE CHAIR
AND I&apos;M CALLING IN FROM
OF COURSE THE RECLINER ON THE
WEST SIDE BANABA COMMISSIONER
GOSSAGE IS ABSENT TODAY COUNCIL
MEMBER ELSOM HI.
I&apos;M CALLING IN FROM THE CITY
OF ANN ARBOR COMMISSIONER
BUDDEN EPSON COMMISSIONER ALAN
PIPKIN.
GOOD AFTERNOON.
MR. PIPKIN HERE CALLING IN FROM
EAST LANSING, MICHIGAN.
&gt;&gt; CAN WE HAVE A QUORUM?
&gt;&gt; BUT YOU NEED THE MAJORITY TO
MAKE DECISIONS SO WE&apos;RE SORT
OF STUCK.
&gt;&gt; YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
SO THANK YOU, DENISE.
I APPRECIATE THAT.
BUT FOLKS, WE&apos;LL GO AHEAD AND
DO THE BEST WE CAN TODAY TO
KEEP THE COMMUNITY INFORMED AND
EDUCATED.
ALL THE GREAT RESOURCES AND THE
THINGS WE&apos;RE DOING HERE TODAY.
DENISE, IF AT ANY TIME FOR SOME
REASON IF WE DO END UP HAVING A
CALL IF YOU DON&apos;T MIND AS YOU
USUALLY DO JUST LETTING ME
KNOW, THEN MAYBE WE CAN ADDRESS
SOME SOME OTHER THINGS AS WE GO
FORWARD.
SURE.
NO PROBLEM.
SO OF COURSE WE CAN&apos;T DO THE
APPROVAL OF THE AGENDA OR THE
MINUTES WITHOUT A QUORUM AND
VOTING ON THAT.
SO WE&apos;RE GOING TO SKIP DOWN IF
I MAY TO THE PUBLIC COMMENTS
SECTION.
I WASN&apos;T SURE IF THERE WAS
ANYONE THAT TUNED IN THIS
AFTERNOON THAT WANTED TO MAKE A
PUBLIC COMMENT AND IF THERE WAS
I WANTED TO GIVE THEM AN
OPPORTUNITY TO SPEAK TODAY.
WELL, YES, THAT WE HAVE EDWYN
PORTUGAL WITH US THIS AFTERNOON
.
ALL RIGHT.
SO WELCOME MR. PORTUGAL.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR JOINING
US.
HI, GORGEOUS.
&gt;&gt; YEAH, MY NAME IS ADRIENNE
PORTUGAL.
I&apos;M CALLING IN FROM ANN ARBOR,
MICHIGAN AND I&apos;M JUST HERE TO
FIGURE OUT AND SEE WHAT YOU
GUYS DO.
SURE.
AND THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR
JOINING US.
WE REALLY APPRECIATE YOU KNOW,
WE APPRECIATE YOUR AWARENESS.
MAY I JUST ASK YOU A QUICK
QUESTION?
HOW DID YOU FIND OUT ABOUT US
FROM THE WEBSITE AND THEN LARRY
REACHED OUT.
AWESOME, AWESOME.
WONDERFUL.
WELL, THANK YOU, EDWIN.
AND YOU KNOW, IF YOU HAVE ANY
QUESTIONS GOING FORWARD, PLEASE
FREE TIBET MYSELF OR ANY OF US
ON THE COMMISSION AND WE CAN DO
OUR BEST TO ADDRESS THAT.
SO THANK YOU FOR JOINING US
TODAY AND THAT COMMISSIONER
HOPKINS&apos;S HAS ARRIVED ALL RIGHT
.
WONDERFUL.
RACHEL, IF YOU DON&apos;T MIND JUST
STATING WHERE YOU&apos;RE ZOOMING
FROM THIS AFTERNOON, THAT WOULD
BE GREAT.
&gt;&gt; SURE.
RACHEL HAWKINS ZIMING FROM ANN
ARBOR.
ALL RIGHT.
WONDERFUL.
DOES THAT DOES THAT GIVE US A
DENNIS YOU HAVE A QUORUM AT
FIVE BUT YOU NEED A MAJORITY TO
VOTE.
YEAH, UNDERSTOOD.
THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; OK, JUST MAKING SURE HERE TO
THE TECHNICAL SO CLOSE.
YEAH THAT&apos;S RIGHT.
WE&apos;RE CLOSE FOLKS.
THANK YOU.
OK SO MOVING ON AFTER PUBLIC
COMMENT
I&apos;D LIKE TO GET TO THE
PRESENTATION PORTION OF OUR
AGENDA SO I&apos;D LIKE TO WELCOME
FROM THE WASHTENAW LIBRARY FOR
THE BLIND AND PHYSICALLY
DISABLED THE ALWAYS INFORMATIVE
AND WONDERFUL KATIE MOSCOVITCH
KATIE THANKS EVERYBODY.
GOOD TO BE HERE AS USUAL.
I JUST HAVE A COUPLE OF THINGS
FOR YOU TO START TALKING ABOUT
EVENTS.
BUT FIRST I JUST WANTED TO
THANK THE COMMISSIONERS FOR THE
COMMENTS THE LAST MEETING
REQUESTING THAT THE LIBRARY
OFFER EVENTS VIA ZOOME OR
RECORDED SESSIONS AND I WANTED
TO DO A LOT YOU KNOW THAT I
PASS THAT ON TO MY MANAGERS AND
THERE HAVE BEEN A COUPLE
OF MEETINGS TO DISCUSS THE
OPTIONS FOR THAT SINCE THEN I
DON&apos;T HAVE ANYTHING SUPER
CONCRETE TO UPDATE YOU ON QUITE
YET BUT I WANTED TO LET YOU
KNOW THAT I HAVE BEEN TOLD THAT
WE&apos;RE WORKING ON IT AND
CONSIDERING STAFF AND TECH
OPTIONS NOW.
&gt;&gt; SO I WANTED TO THANK YOU FOR
SAYING SOMETHING AND PLEASE
CONTINUE TO LET ME KNOW ABOUT
ANYTHING THAT YOU THINK THE
LIBRARY CAN DO TO IMPROVE AND I
WILL CONTINUE TO PASS THAT
ALONG.
WE DO CURRENTLY HAVE ONE OPTION
FOR THE VIEWING LIBRARY
PROGRAMS AT HOME AND THAT IS
OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL WHICH YOU
CAN FIND BY SEARCHING ANN ARBOR
DISTRICT LIBRARY ON YOUTUBE
DOTCOM OR AT THE WEB ADDRESS A
DL TV AND THERE ARE A COUPLE
OF EVENTS COMING UP ON OUR
CHANNEL THAT I WANTED TO TELL
YOU ABOUT.
WE HAVE THE AUTHOR SPOTLIGHT
SARAH NOVIK ON ADL TV ON
SATURDAY OCTOBER TWENTY NINTH
FROM FIVE TO FIVE THIRTY PM
JOIN ADL STAFFER LUCY AS SHE
SHINES A SPOTLIGHT ON THE WORKS
OF SINGLE AUTHOR THIS MONTH SHE
LOOKS AT THE NOVELS OF SARAH
AUVI-Q, AUTHOR OF TRUE BEST
GIRL AT WAR AND AMERICA IS
IMMIGRANTS.
SARAH NOVICK HOLDS AN MFA FROM
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY WHERE SHE
STUDIED FICTION AND LITERARY
TRANSLATION.
HER FIRST NOVEL GIRL AT WAR ONE
THE AMERICAN LIBRARY
ASSOCIATION AND ALEX WARD AND
WAS A FINALIST FOR THE LOS
ANGELES TIMES BOOK PRIZE.
SHE&apos;S AN INSTRUCTOR OF DEAF
STUDIES AND CREATIVE WRITING
AND LIVES IN PHILADELPHIA WITH
HER FAMILY.
AND THEN WE HAVE BIBLIOPHILES
THIS ONE IS FOCUSING ON HER.
SO THAT&apos;S THURSDAY,
OCTOBER 20TH FROM FIVE TO FIVE
THIRTY PM WHAT&apos;S A GREAT BOOK
OF HORROR?
SOMETHING TO MAKE YOU CHECK THE
CLOSET AND UNDER THE BED JUST
TO BE SAFE EACH WEEK A FEW ADLE
STAFF MEMBERS PRESENT A BOOK
OF THEIR CHOICE FROM A SPECIFIC
BOOK TOPIC SUCH AS FAVORITE
CLASSIC BOOK ABOUT NATURE
FICTION OR TWO HUNDRED PAGES
BELOVED CHILDREN&apos;S BOOK ETC.
THE TOPICS COVER ALL GENRES AND
AGES OF READER.
JOIN THE CONVERSATION IN THE
COMMENTS SECTION AND LET US
KNOW WHAT BOOK YOU WOULD HAVE
PICKED FOR THIS WEEK&apos;S
BIBLIOPHILES.
AND THERE IS ONE IN-PERSON
EVENT THAT I WANTED TO BE SURE
TO MENTION AND IT&apos;S A FILM
SCREENING THE FILM IS CALLED
SUPPRESSED AND SABOTAGED THE
FIGHT TO VOTE.
THIS IS ON TUESDAY,
OCTOBER TWENTY FROM SIX P.M. TO
SEVEN THIRTY PM AT THE DOWNTOWN
LIBRARY IN THE FOURTH FLOOR
MEETING ROOM JOIN THE MICHIGAN
COMMUNITY SCHOLARS PROGRAM AND
MEMBERS FROM THE COMMUNITY FOR
A SCREENING OF THE FILM
SUPPRESSED AND SABOTAGE THE
FIGHT TO VOTE, WHICH IS A FILM
BY ROBERT GREENWALD, DIRECTOR
OF OUTFOXED WAL-MART THE HIGH
COST OF PRICE AND MAKING IT
KILLING GUNS, GREED AND THE
NRA.
IT&apos;S A DOCUMENTARY THAT FOCUSES
ON RECENT VOTERS CORRUPTION AND
SUBVERSION LAWS BEING ENACTED
IN STATES AND HOW THE TWENTY
EIGHTEEN GEORGIA GUBERNATORIAL
RACE BETWEEN STACEY ABRAMS AND
BRIAN KEMP PROVIDES A CASE
STUDY FOR UNDERSTANDING TODAY&apos;S
VOTER SUPPRESSION LAWS ACROSS
THE COUNTRY SUPPRESSING AND
SABOTAGE THE RIGHT TO VOTE NOW
INCLUDES PERSPECTIVES FROM
VOTERS IN ARIZONA, FLORIDA,
TEXAS AND GEORGIA THAT
HIGHLIGHT HOW THESE NEW LAWS
WILL AFFECT THEIR
CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT TO VOTE.
THIS FORTY FOUR MINUTE
DOCUMENTARY FILM IS UNRATED.
THIS EVENT IS IN PARTNERSHIP
WITH THE MICHIGAN COMMUNITY
SCHOLARS PROGRAM AT THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN, A
PROGRAM WHICH BRINGS TOGETHER
STUDENTS AND FACULTY WHO HAVE A
COMMITMENT TO COMMUNITY SERVICE
DIVERSITY AND ACADEMIC
EXCELLENCE.
A COUPLE MATERIALS TO MENTION
AS USUAL WASHTENAW LIBRARY FOR
THE BLIND AND DISABLED PATRONS
CAN ALWAYS CONTACT US IN ORDER
DIGITAL CARTRIDGES AND OTHER
MATERIALS BY CALLING SEVEN
THREE FOUR THREE TWO SEVEN FOUR
TWO TWO FOUR OR YOU CAN EMAIL W
L B PDA AT A DIALOG AND TO SIGN
FOR THE BRAILLE AND AUDIO
READING SERVICE BAADE YOU CAN
DOWNLOAD YOUR OWN BOOKS AN
ANALYST FOR LLC DOT GOV OR CALL
US AND WE CAN ASSIST WITH THIS
APPLICATION.
I&apos;M GOING TO TELL YOU ABOUT A
COUPLE OF RECENT BAADE BOOKS
BUT I DO WANT TO ACKNOWLEDGE
THAT LARRY MENTIONED LAST TIME
THAT THERE HAVE BEEN FEWER
BOOKS ADDED TO BAR THAN USUAL
AND THAT IS ABSOLUTELY TRUE.
I NOTICED THAT MYSELF AND I
NOTICED THAT ON A COUPLE
OF MAILING US THAT I&apos;M ON AND I
HEARD RECHELLE A LITTLE BIT.
I HEARD THAT IT&apos;S BECAUSE BART
IS CURRENTLY BEING UPDATED.
THEY&apos;RE HOPING THAT THIS IS
JUST A SLOW PERIOD AND THEY
WILL GET A GOING AS QUICK AS
WE&apos;RE USED TO SOON.
BUT I DON&apos;T REALLY HAVE ANY
LIKE DEADLINE FOR THAT IS JUST
WHAT I&apos;VE HEARD.
SO HOPEFULLY THAT&apos;S COMING
SOON.
I HOPE SO.
BUT HERE ARE A COUPLE OF BOOKS
THAT I WANT TO HIGHLIGHT
INCLUDING TRUE BUZZ BY SARAH
NOVIK WHICH I MENTIONED EARLIER
.
CHARLIE IS A TRANSFER STUDENT
AT THE RIVER VALLEY SCHOOL FOR
THE DEAF WHO HAS NEVER MET
ANOTHER DEAF PERSON BEFORE.
WHEN CHARLIE HAS TROUBLE
ADAPTING, THE HEADMISTRESS
ASKED THE SCHOOL&apos;S GOLDEN BOY
AUSTIN TO HELP HER SETTLE IN
THE AUSTIN CEILING OF TROUBLES
OF HIS OWN.
AND THE SCHOOL ITSELF IS IN
DANGER OF CLOSING AND WE HAVE A
MEAN BABY A MEMOIR OF GROWING
UP BY SELMA BLAIR.
THE FIRST STORY SELMA BLAIR
BEUTNER EVER HEARD ABOUT
HERSELF IS THAT SHE WAS A MEAN
MEAN BABY WITH HER MOUTH PULLED
IN A PERPETUAL SNARL AND AHEAD
SO FAR SHE HAD TO BE RUBBED TO
MAKE WAY FOR HER FOREHEAD.
SELMA SPENT YEARS LIVING UP TO
HER TERRIBLE REPUTATION
FIGHTING HER SISTERS, LYING
SPONTANEOUSLY GETTING DRUNK
FROM PASSOVER WINE AT THE AGE
OF SEVEN AND BEHAVING
DRAMATICALLY SO THAT SHE WOULD
BE THE CENTER OF ATTENTION.
ALTHOUGH SELMA WENT ON TO
BECOME A CELEBRATED HOLLYWOOD
ACTRESS AND MODEL, SHE COULD
NEVER QUITE SHAKE THE PERIODS
OF DARKNESS OVERTOOK HER THE
CERTAINTY THAT THERE WAS A
GREAT MYSTERY AT THE OF HER
LIFE SHE OFTEN FELT LIKE HER
ARMS MIGHT BE ON FIRE A
SENSATION NOT UNLIKE ELECTRIC
SHOCKS AND SHE SECRETLY DRANK
TO ESCAPE OVER THE COURSE
OF THIS BEAUTIFUL AND AT TIMES
DEVASTATING MEMOIR, SELMA LAYS
BARE HER ADDICTION TO ALCOHOL,
HER DEVOTION TO HER BRILLIANT
AND COMPLICATED MOTHER AND THE
MOMENTS SHE FLIRTED WITH DEATH
THERE IS BRUTAL VIOLENCE,
PASSIONATE LOVE, TRUE
FRIENDSHIP, THE GIFT
OF MOTHERHOOD AND FINALLY THE
SURPRISING SALVATION OF A
MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS DIAGNOSIS.
AND LASTLY AND A IMMENSE WORLD
BY ED YOUNG, THE EARTH TEAM&apos;S
SIGHTS AND TEXTURES, SOUNDS AND
VIBRATIONS SMELLS AND TASTES
ELECTRIC AND MAGNETIC MAGNETIC
FIELDS THAT EVERY KIND
OF ANIMAL INCLUDING HUMANS IS
ENCLOSED WITHIN ITS OWN UNIQUE
SENSORY BUBBLE PERCEIVING BUT A
TINY SLIVER OF OUR IMMENSE
WORLD IN AN IMMENSE WORLD.
AUTHOR AND PULITZER PRIZE
WINNING SCIENCE JOURNALIST ED
YONG COAXES US BEYOND THE
CONFINES OF OUR OWN SENSES
ALLOWING US TO PERCEIVE THIS
THE KINDS OF SENSE WAVES
OF ELECTROMAGNETIC
ELECTROMAGNETISM AND PULSES
OF PRESSURE THAT SURROUND US.
I KNEW I WAS GOING TO HAVE
TROUBLE WITH THAT LAST SENTENCE
THE FIRST TIME I READ IT ANYWAY
THAT&apos;S WHAT I HAVE REAL TODAY.
&gt;&gt; DOES ANYBODY HAVE ANY
QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS FOR ME?
KATHLEEN HAS HER RAISED
QUESTION.
COULD YOU PLEASE SPELL THE NAME
OF THE LAST AUTHOR ED AT YOUNG
OR YOUNG OR ITS YOUNG Y?
&gt;&gt; OH AND G WELL I&apos;M JUST THAT
SEEMS LIKE A VERY I JUST WANTED
TO COMMENT KATIE IT SEEMS LIKE
A VERY INTERESTING FILM JUST
ABOUT THE DIFFERENT HISTORY
OF VOTER SUPPRESSION AND THINGS
LIKE THAT.
SO INTERESTING TOPIC.
AND THEN SELMA BLAIR.
YEAH ONE OF MY FAVORITES GREAT
ACTUALLY YOU KNOW WHAT SHE&apos;S
DONE I THINK AN ADVOCACY NOT
ONLY FOR HER OWN SITUATION BUT
I THINK FOR PUEDES AS A WHOLE
HAS BEEN GREAT.
&gt;&gt; SOME INTERESTING INTERESTING
BOOK.
YEAH, IT REALLY IS.
AND IT&apos;S IT&apos;S INTERESTING
BECAUSE YOU NEVER EXPECTED TO
BE AN ADVOCATE AND SHE TALKS
ABOUT HOW SHE GREW UP THIS
PRIVILEGED WHITE WOMAN AND IT
JUST HAPPENS AND THAT&apos;S
SOMETHING THAT IS REALLY
IMPORTANT MESSAGE FOR EVERYBODY
I THINK FOR SURE.
ABSOLUTELY.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR KATIE?
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
YES.
COMMISSIONER PIPKIN HAS A HAND
UP.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
HI THERE.
I JUST WANTED TO CONFIRM THE
DATE AND TIME AGAIN OF THE
VOTER SUPPRESSION DOCUMENTARY
YOU ARE MENTIONING.
&gt;&gt; YEAH.
SO THAT IS GOING TO BE ON
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 25TH FROM SIX
TO SEVEN THIRTY PM DOWNTOWN
LIBRARY FOURTH FLOOR MEETING
ROOM.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
WELCOME HERE KEELER VICE CHAIR
KEILLER.
WELL TWO THINGS.
FIRST, THANK YOU FOR MENTIONING
THANK YOU FOR CHECK IT OUT FAR
BETTER THAN THAT BECAUSE YEAH
THEY HAVE TO PUT UP MUCH
STUFF
AND SECOND OF ALL I THINK THAT
WHAT WAS THE NAME OF THAT BOOK
ABOUT THE DEAF STUDENT IN THE
SCHOOL WAS THAT THAT WAS THE
RIVERSIDE SCHOOL FROM
CALIFORNIA, RIGHT?
&gt;&gt; YEAH, IT&apos;S CALLED TRUE BUI&apos;S
THAT JUST CAME OUT THIS YEAR
AND IT&apos;S A FICTION BOOK BUT
IT&apos;S BEEN A VERY POPULAR OH MY
DAUGHTER COULD HAVE WROTE IT.
&gt;&gt; OH YEAH.
MY DAUGHTER MY DAUGHTER&apos;S
HEARING IMPAIRED.
SHE WENT THROUGH ALL ALMOST
EXACTLY THAT KIND OF THING AND
FLINT OK.
YEAH IT&apos;S A REALLY GREAT TIME
FOR ME IN OUR PUBLIC SCHOOL
DISTRICT WHICH SHE WENT THROUGH
ALMOST THAT EXACT SAME KIND
OF THING.
&gt;&gt; OH WOW.
WELL THANK YOU KATIE.
DOES ANYONE HAVE ANY MORE
QUESTIONS FOR KATIE?
ALL RIGHT.
WELL AS USUAL, THANK YOU TO THE
WASHTENAW LIBRARY FOR THE BLIND
AND PHYSICALLY DISABLED FOR ALL
THEY DO TO MAKE THE READING AND
INFORMATION IS ACCESSIBLE TO
OUR COMMUNITY.
AS ALWAYS, THANK YOU KATIE FOR
EVERYTHING.
KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK.
&gt;&gt; THANKS EVERYBODY FOR HAVING
ME.
THE NEXT TIME.
BYE BYE.
ALL RIGHT.
NEXT WE HAVE THE ANN ARBOR
CENTER FOR INDEPENDENT LIVING
REPORT WITH MISS BLAIR.
MISS BLAIR, GOOD AFTERNOON.
&gt;&gt; AFTERNOON, COMMISSIONERS&apos;
FROM THE ANN ARBOR CENTER FOR
INDEPENDENT LIVING OR OTHERWISE
KNOWN AS A CIO.
WE SERVE THE COUNTIES
OF MONROE, WASHTENAW, BERNSTEN
AND FIRST I&apos;D LIKE TO TELL YOU
IF YOU IF YOU ARE A PERSON OR
FAMILY WITH A DISABLED PERSON
AND YOU NEED HELP WITH THE
HOLIDAYS, PLEASE CONTACT OUR
CENTER.
ALL THE RESOURCES THAT I&apos;M
GETTING READY TO TALK ABOUT CAN
BE ACCESSED BY CALLING SEVEN
THREE FOUR NINE SEVEN ONE ZERO
TWO SEVEN SEVEN AND THERE ARE
SOME SPECIFIC EMAILS THAT I
MIGHT MENTION BUT FOR ACCESS
SEE OUR WEBSITE AT THE ANN
ARBOR CIO DOUG AND THERE ARE
LINKS TO SOME OF THE GROUPS
THAT I&apos;M GETTING READY TO TELL
YOU ABOUT.
FIRST WE HAVE A SUPPORT GROUP
FOR DISABLED PARENTS.
IT&apos;S CALLED KARREN CONNECTIONS.
IT MEETS THE SECOND AND FOURTH
TUESDAY OF EACH MONTH.
THE NEXT MEETING IS OCTOBER THE
TWENTY FIFTH FROM SEVEN TO
EIGHT PM AND IT&apos;S AVAILABLE VIA
ZONE.
FOR MORE INFORMATION YOU&apos;RE
GOING TO ASK FOR RENE OR
CELESTE WHEN YOU CALL OUR
NUMBER ON THE NEXT GROUP THAT
I&apos;D LIKE TO ANNOUNCE IS REPEAT
OF THE OREO CLUB.
IT&apos;S AN ORGANIZED RECREATIONAL
EATING OCCASION CLUB ON ZOOME
AND YES THAT IS THE CORRECT
TERM CEREAL CLUB YOU GUESSED IT
.
WE&apos;RE GETTING TOGETHER TO EAT
AND TALK ABOUT COOKIES.
HAVE YOU NOTICED OUR OREO
COOKIES COME OUT IN DIFFERENT
FLAVORS EVERY MONTH WE&apos;RE
GETTING TOGETHER TO EXPLORE
EACH MONTH&apos;S FLAVOR, CONNECT
WITH OTHER PEOPLE TO ENGAGE IN
GREAT DISCUSSIONS.
WE&apos;LL TALK COOKIES AND LIFE,
CREATE OREO THEMED ARTWORK AND
COLLABORATE ON A CUSTOMIZED
OREO ORDER TO SHARE OREO
COOKIES WILL BE PROVIDED FOR
PICKUP AT THE END ARBOR EACH
MONTH.
OUR ADDRESS IS THREE NINE FOUR
ONE RESEARCH PARK DRIVE ANN
CARVER FOUR EIGHT ONE ZERO
EIGHT.
FOR MORE INFORMATION SEE OUR
WEBSITE.
THERE&apos;S A LINK TO REGISTER BUT
YOU CAN ALSO ASK FOR CLAIRE
MOORE.
NEXT MEETING IS FRIDAY,
OCTOBER TWENTY FIRST AT FROM
THREE TO FOUR P.M. THE NEXT
GROUP I&apos;D LIKE TO TELL YOU
ABOUT IS YOUR WORLD NAVIGATING
LIFE WITH BLINDNESS AND LOW
VISION.
THIS IS ALSO A ZOOME MEETING
FOR PEOPLE THAT ARE
EXPERIENCING VISION LOSS OR WHO
ARE BLIND.
THE TOPICS WILL BE PARTICIPANT
DRIVEN OR ARE PARTICIPANT
DRIVEN AND SESSIONS POWER GROUP
MEMBERS TO EMBRACE THEIR SELF
IDENTITIES AND INDIVIDUALITY
PEOPLE WITH LOW VISION AND IT
STRENGTHENS THEIR BELONGING AND
THEIR COMMUNITY INCLUSION.
THEY TALK ABOUT ISSUES AND
ACCESSIBILITY AND THE GROUP
FACILITATORS ARE PROFESSIONALS
FROM A WIDE RANGE
OF BACKGROUNDS WHO EXPERIENCE
BLINDNESS OR VISION LOSS.
ASSISTIVE TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT IS
AVAILABLE AT THESE MEETINGS.
THE NEXT MEETING IS WEDNESDAY,
NOVEMBER THE 2ND AND IT MEETS
THE FIRST WEDNESDAY OF EVERY
MONTH AT 12:00 NOON.
FOR MORE INFORMATION CONTACT
RENE ECKLES.
THERE IS ANOTHER SAFE
CONNECTIONS GROUP IS THE CEO&apos;S
DISCUSSION GROUP UNOSUMAI FOR
THOSE AGAINST TOXIC OR
UNHEALTHY RELATIONSHIPS JOIN
FOR SAFE TALK ABOUT MAKING
RELATIONSHIPS POSITIVE AND
HEALTHY AND THOSE GROUPS MEET
OCTOBER NEXT ON LET&apos;S SEE THIS
EVENING FROM SIX TO EIGHT AND
THE PERSON MUST BE EIGHTEEN
PLUS WITH AN INTELLECTUAL OR
DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITY TO
PARTICIPATE.
THE GROUP IS LED BY SHANNON
CLARK IS HE BULLOCK AND KATY
OSWALD?
IT HELPS PEOPLE TO MAKE BETTER
DECISIONS OF DATING AND
RELATIONSHIPS AND HAVE IDEAS TO
MAKE RELATIONSHIP POSITIVE
IMPROVES COMMUNICATION AND
GENERALLY DIGNITY AND
EXPRESSION.
FOR MORE INFORMATION YOU CAN
CONTACT ISABEL BULLOCK NEXT.
WE HAVE A VIRTUAL MOVIE CLUB IN
THIS GROUP.
PEOPLE CAN WATCH A MOVIE, THEY
CAN CHAT WITH FOLKS.
THEY CAN BEAT THE STAY AT HOME
BLUES AND JOIN THE SINGLES
VIRTUAL MOVIE CLUB.
HOW DOES IT WORK EACH WEEK
WATCH A PLANNED MOVIE ON YOUR
OWN TIME AND THEN GET TOGETHER
VIRTUALLY TO TALK ABOUT IT AND
HAVE SOME FUN.
IT&apos;S THAT EASY.
MOVIE CLUB SESSIONS INCLUDE
TRIVIA AND THOUGHT PROVOKING
QUESTIONS AND LAUGHTER.
NEXT MOVIE IT HAPPENS THURSDAYS
FROM FOUR OR FIVE PM AND THE
NEXT ONE IS OCTOBER THE 20TH
PETS UNITED OCTOBER THE TWENTY
SEVEN LEMONY SNICKET NOVEMBER
THE 3RD THE SPY NEXT DOOR AND
REMEMBER THE PETER RABBIT FOR
MORE INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT
ANNA AT THE CENTER FOR
INDEPENDENT LIVING NEXT WE HAVE
THE ART PROGRAM AND THERE IS A
DIRECT LINK ON OUR WEBSITE
THAT&apos;S ART CLASS IS RUN BY
CLAIRE MOORE.
SHE HOLDS CLASSES AND SOCIAL
GROUPS IN THAT EXPERIENCE ART
IN A RELAXED SOCIAL ENVIRONMENT
ROTATING THROUGH DIFFERENT
MEDIA.
NEW MATERIALS ARE EXPLORED EACH
WEEK AND TECHNIQUES ARE GIVEN
IN A GUIDED MANNER.
NO PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE IS
NECESSARY WHETHER JOINING US
ONLINE OR FROM HOME OR IN
PERSON.
THERE IS NO SPECIAL EQUIPMENT
OR SUPPLIES NEEDED IN IT.
THERE ARE THE CIA WILL PROVIDE
THESE CLASSES HAPPEN ON MONDAYS
FROM ONE THIRTY TO THREE THIRTY
PM VIRTUAL ART CLASSES GUIDED
SESSION ON TUESDAYS ONE THIRTY
TO THREE AND THURSDAYS ONE
THIRTY TO THREE P.M. AGAIN THE
LINK TO THE WEBSITE IS RIGHT ON
OUR WEBSITE TRIVIA TUESDAYS GET
SILLY IT GOOFY AND MOST OF ALL
PUT ON YOUR THINKING CAP EVERY
TUESDAY WE GET TOGETHER TO PLAY
TRIVIA AND WHETHER YOU LIKE
EASY QUESTIONS THE TOP ONES
JOIN US FOR SOME TUESDAY FUN.
WE ALSO TALK ABOUT IDEAS
PROBLEM SOLVING FOR WHATEVER
DISABILITY RELATED CHALLENGES
YOU MIGHT BE HAVING IN A FUN
WAY THIS IS A VIRTUAL SUPPORT
GROUP TUESDAYS ONE THIRTY TO
TWO THIRTY PM FOR MORE
INFORMATION CONTACT AND A
NEWSPAPER BE ACTIVE AT HOME
SPIRIT CLUB INCLUSIVE FITNESS
AND EXERCISE.
THERE IS NO CLASS ON
OCTOBER TWENTY SIX AND A TOBER
THIRTY FIRST BUT THERE IS A
CLASS TODAY OCTOBER 19TH FROM
FOUR TO FIVE PM AND MONDAY THE
TWENTY FOUR FOR MORE
INFORMATION CONTACT MARK HYMES
THIS THIS EXERCISE CLASSES ARE
ADAPTABLE AND ACCESSIBLE.
THE SPINAL CORD INJURY VIRTUAL
META SUPPORT GROUP LIVING WITH
A SPINAL CORD INJURY CAN BE
CHALLENGING IN MANY WAYS.
JOIN US TO CONNECT WITH OTHERS.
GET HELP TACKLING YOUR OWN
NEEDS AND PROVIDE HELP AND
ADVICE TO OTHERS.
THIS GROUP MEETS THE SECOND TO
SEE OF THE MONTH TWELVE O&apos;CLOCK
TO ONE THIRTY PM THE NEXT
MEETING IS NOVEMBER THE 8TH
TWENTY TWENTY TWO FOR MORE
INFORMATION CONTACT TOM
HOLTMANN AT OUR NUMBER
DISABILITY COMMUNITY ACTION
LAB. WE TALK ABOUT ISSUES THAT
ARE IMPORTANT TO THE COMMUNITY
ARE MEETING TODAY WE TALKED
ABOUT REPRODUCTIVE RIGHTS FOR
WOMEN FOR DISABLED WOMEN.
IT IS A COLLABORATIVE GROUP
TAKING ACTION ON ISSUES FACING
PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES AND
PROVIDES SUPPORT AND MAKING A
DIFFERENCE IN THIS PROGRAM YOU
WILL CONNECT WITH OTHERS WHO
CARE ABOUT SIMILAR ISSUES AND
DEVELOP PLANS TO MAKING A
DIFFERENCE IN HOW WE CAN
ADVOCATE FOR EACH OTHER.
GENERAL DEKEL MEETINGS THE
THIRD WEDNESDAY OF EVERY MONTH
FROM TWELVE TO ONE THIRTY PM
THE NEXT MEETING IS NOVEMBER
16TH TWENTY TWENTY TWO.
FOR MORE INFORMATION CONTACT
ELLIOTT CARTER.
THAT INCLUDES THE EVENTS
ANNOUNCEMENT FOR THE NERVE
CENTER FOR INDEPENDENT.
ARE THERE ANY QUESTIONS?
THANK YOU MISS LARRY.
I DEFINITELY WANT TO COMMEND
YOU AND THE ANN ARBOR CENTER
FOR INDEPENDENT LIVING FOR ALL
THE GREAT THINGS THAT YOU&apos;RE
OFFERING LEMONY SNICKET, BY THE
WAY, ONE OF MY FAVORITES SO
THAT&apos;S WONDERFUL TO HEAR.
YEAH.
THANK YOU FOR HAVING US.
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
A LOT OF GOOD THINGS GOING ON
AT THE NEIGHBORS CENTER FOR
INDEPENDENT LIVING.
ALL RIGHT.
UP NEXT
, WE HAVE THE PARTNERS
AND ACCESS COMMITTEE REPORT AND
COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT REPORT SO
THAT WILL GO TO RACHEL HAWKINS
THIS AFTERNOON RACHEL, GOOD
AFTERNOON.
GOOD AFTERNOON.
I DO NOT HAVE ANYTHING TO
REPORT FROM PARTNERS AND
ACCESS.
I WAS UNABLE TO MEET RECENTLY
SO I DON&apos;T KNOW IF THERE IS
ADDITIONAL UPDATES AS I KNOW
FOR ENGAGEMENT WE HAVE ANN
ARBOR INCLUSIVE JUST RECORDED
NEW EPISODE THIS WEEK THAT&apos;S
GOING TO PREMIERE ON FRIDAY
OCTOBER TWENTY EIGHTH AT FOUR
THIRTY AND THAT WILL BE WITH
BRIAN WILKINSON FROM MICHIGAN
TRACK CHAIR.
SO I DON&apos;T LARRY, THERE ARE
OTHER THINGS YOU&apos;D LIKE TO ADD
ABOUT MEETING WITH ALEX.
&gt;&gt; WE HAD THE MEETING AND
NEITHER OF US CAME UP WITH
ANYTHING THAT WAS IMMEDIATELY,
IMMEDIATELY, IMMEDIATELY
ANYTHING FOR US TO TAKE CARE
OF .
SO WE WERE GOING BACK TO THE
COMMISSION TO GIVE US SOME
IDEAS OF THINGS TO WORK ON.
SO WE WE WE DID MEET BUT WE DID
REALLY HAVE ANYTHING MUCH TO
DISCUSS
.
&gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH, GUYS.
APPRECIATE THAT.
ALL RIGHTY.
WELL THANK YOU BOTH.
THANK YOU TO EVERYONE INVOLVED
WITH THE ENTIRE INCLUSIVE TWO
BY THE WAY, JUST A QUICK
QUESTION FOR YOU ON THAT RACHEL
IS IN OUR VERY INCLUSIVE BACK
IN STUDIO.
ARE THEY STILL PRODUCING
REMOTELY THE SEE LET ME SEE IF
THE ACCESS AND THE MESSAGE I
GOT FROM MY
IT DOESN&apos;T SAY BUT
I CAN SEND HER A MESSAGE RIGHT
NOW AND ASK TO CONFIRM IF
THEY&apos;RE BACK IN THE STUDIO.
&gt;&gt; YEAH, YEAH YEAH.
NO PROBLEM.
I WAS JUST INTERESTED TO KNOW
WHETHER THEY WERE SO REMOTE
PRODUCTION ARE BACK IN STUDIO.
&gt;&gt; NO NO PROBLEM EITHER WAY.
&gt;&gt; OK, THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT THANK YOU GUYS.
ALL RIGHT NEXT MOVING DOWN WE
HAVE RECRUITING ACTIVITY WITH
LARRY KEILLER.
WELL SINCE SINCE WE LAST TALKED
I&apos;VE GOT AN APPLICATION TO
REVIEW PRETTY QUICK HERE AND I
ALSO HAVE WE ALSO HAVE CONTACT
WITH THE FRUITS OF MY
RECRUITING A LITTLE BIT AGO AND
MISREPORTS GO TO SPOKANE.
WE INVITED HIM TO PUBLIC
COMMENT BECAUSE HE SHOWED SOME
INTEREST IN THE COMMISSION AND
WE HEARD FROM HIM AND I HAVE
ONE TO REVIEW AND THAT&apos;S IT.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU, SIR.
DO APPRECIATE THEM.
ABSOLUTELY.
THANK YOU, MR. PORTUGAL.
FOR JOINING US TODAY.
NEXT WE HAVE THE TRANSPORT
COMMISSION UPDATE WITH MARIETTE
AGAIN WITH ME YET AGAIN.
WELL, WE HAD OUR MEETING ON THE
TWENTY OF LAST MONTH AND WE
DISCUSSED THAT ONE OF THE
THINGS THAT WAS THE SEAT ON THE
ON THE TRANSPORTATION
COMMISSION THAT WAS DELEGATED
TO PEOPLE WHO OWNED LIKE ANY
KIND OF BUSINESS NOW IT&apos;S OPEN
TO THE PUBLIC.
ANYONE CAN SIT ON THAT SEAT SO
YOU KNOW, ANYBODY WHO WANTS TO
WHO HAS A CONCERN AND WANTS TO
WANTS TO HELP OUT WITH
TRANSPORTATION CAN HAVE THAT
SEAT IF IT&apos;S NOT RESTRICTED TO
BUSINESSES ANYMORE AND WE
TALKED A LITTLE ABOUT THE
CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT PLAN WHICH
IS GOING ON IN ONE OF THE ONE
OF THE BIG THINGS THAT&apos;S
HAPPENED IS SEVENTH IN
GREENVIEW.
THEY&apos;RE TRYING TO DO A LOT
OF CONSTRUCTION DOWN THERE AND
PUT IN SOME BIKE LANES AND STOP
PEOPLE FROM WORKING IN THE
MIDDLE OF THE STREET.
&gt;&gt; AND LET&apos;S SEE HERE I GOT TO
CHANGE A PAGE SO THEY WANT TO
PUT BIKING BUMPERS.
THEY WANT TO WIDEN THE WAYS BUT
BICYCLE BIKING BUMPERS AND HAVE
PEOPLE STOPPING STOP PARKING IN
THE STREET AND THE THE THEY
PLAN TO WORK ON A FEW MORE
CORRIDORS, TRANSPORTATION
CORRIDORS AND THE OTHER THING I
MADE NOTE OF WAS THAT THERE
THEY HAVE A FIVE YEAR PLAN
WHICH IS GOING TO INCLUDE IN
THEIR UPDATED FIVE YEAR PLAN
UPDATED PUTTING IN MORE
CROSSWALK AND IMPLEMENTING
SPEED CONTROL.
&gt;&gt; AND I MADE A NOTE HERE
BECAUSE I WAS I WAS VERY
CURIOUS BECAUSE THEY DO A LOT
OF THINGS APPARENTLY SPEED
CONTROL IS THE WHOLE SCIENCE.
IT&apos;S A WHOLE SCIENCE WITH SPEED
REDUCTION.
YOU KNOW, WHY DIDN&apos;T LANE MAKE
A LANE SKINNIER SO YOU CAN SLOW
TRAFFIC DOWN, PUT BUMPS IN AND
START SPEED BUMPS IN AND IN ALL
KINDS OF THINGS TO SLOW DOWN
TRAFFIC?
&gt;&gt; I DIDN&apos;T REALIZE HOW MUCH
TECHNOLOGY WENT INTO SPEED
CONTROL AND THE FINAL THING
I&apos;LL MENTION IS IF THE
COMMISSION HAS ANYTHING THAT
THEY NEED TO TAKE UP AT THE END
OF THE DAY TOWARD THE END
OF THE MEETING THEY HAVE BOARDS
AND COMMISSIONS AND ANY ANY
COMMISSION THAT&apos;S ANYBODY WHO
HAS A COMMISSION REPRESENTATIVE
THERE CAN TAKE ANY CONCERNS
FROM THEIR COMMISSION TO THE
TRANSPORTATION BOARD.
SO WE HAVE SOME ISSUES THAT
COME UP IN OUR COMMISSION.
&gt;&gt; WE CAN BRING THEM UP AT THE
TRANSPORTATION.
WE CAN WE IN THE TRANSPORTATION
COMMISSION THROUGH ME AND
THAT&apos;S THE WHOLE CLARIFICATION
REPORT OF COURSE IS IN THE
PACKET.
&gt;&gt; YES, IT IS.
THANK YOU.
YES, GO AHEAD.
&gt;&gt; I SAID THANK YOU.
YES INDEED I CUT MYSELF THANK
YOU AGAIN FOR ALL.
OH AND THE NEXT TRANSPORTATION
MEETING IS TONIGHT AT SEVEN.
OK, THANK YOU SO MUCH LARRY FOR
YOUR EFFORTS AND WORK WITH THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION AND
YES AS YOU DID ALLUDE TO A LOT
OF OUR MINUTES AND PASSED
THINGS ARE IN THE PACKET THERE
FOR ALL OF YOU SO IF FOR ANY
REASON ANY OF THOSE LINKS OR
ANYTHING LIKE THAT YOU CANNOT
ACCESS OR YOU DID NOT RECEIVE,
PLEASE LET US KNOW AND AND WE
CAN GET THAT TO YOU.
BUT THANK YOU VERY MUCH, LARRY,
FOR EFFORTS THERE.
&gt;&gt; THERE MAY EXONERATE DOT GOV
TWO, AREN&apos;T THEY AFTER THE
MEETINGS OF ALL THE COMMISSIONS
AND MEETINGS, ARE THEY PUT OUT
HERE LIKE AH YEAH.
&gt;&gt; I MEAN I&apos;M PRETTY SURE THAT
THEY ARE I&apos;M PRETTY SURE AND
ALSO ALSO THEY ARE BROADCAST IN
ALMOST REAL TIME.
I THINK THERE ARE A SECOND OR
TWO DIFFERENT ON THIS ONE IS
WEDNESDAY AT SEVEN.
SO IF YOU WANT TO TUNE IN TO
THAT COULD JUST TURN TO C10
CHANNEL SIXTEEN.
THOSE WHO ARE WATCHING WILL
KNOW THAT CHANNEL BECAUSE
THEY&apos;RE WATCHING IT AT THE NEXT
THE NEXT ONE IS THE SIX NEXT
MONTH OF NOVEMBER AGAIN FOR OUR
COMMISSION NOT FINISHED I
PROMISE
NOTED.
THANK YOU SO MUCH COMMISSIONER
KEELER.
WE DO APPRECIATE ALL OF YOUR
EFFORTS.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
NEXT WE HAVE THE ALWAYS
PLEASANT AND INFORMATIVE REPORT
FOR THE EUROPEAN COUNCIL WITH
DISABILITY CONCERNS MEETING
UPDATE WITH KATHLEEN MOSADDEQ
KATHLEEN, HELLO EVERYONE.
SO ON TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11TH,
THE CFTC HAD THEIR MONTHLY
MEETING AND WE HEARD FROM PHIL
DEATON WHO IS THE ACCESSIBILITY
COORDINATOR IN THE EQUITY TITLE
NINE AND CIVIL RIGHTS
DEPARTMENT.
WE HAD TWO UPDATES WITH REGARDS
TO INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
SERVICES AND THE CONVERSATION
YOU CAN FOLLOW QUITE CLEARLY IF
YOU CLICK IT ON THE AGENDA.
IT&apos;S A VERY DETAILED
INFORMATION WITH REGARDS TO
WHAT WAS SAID SO I&apos;LL JUST ADD
SOME HIGHLIGHTS.
THE FIRST TOPIC WAS CENTERED ON
STRATEGIES FOR PROVIDING
DIGITAL ACCESSIBILITY BACK TO
SOFTWARE CREATORS SUCH AS
ZOOME.
I DON&apos;T KNOW IF YOU ALL HAVE
NOTICED IN OTHER MEETINGS THAT
THERE ARE SOME ACCESSIBILITY
ISSUES WITH ZOOME OR OTHER
TECHNOLOGY PROVIDERS.
SOME OF THE FOUR MAIN
ACCESSIBILITY FEATURES THAT
WERE IDENTIFIED BY THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN OUR WHEN
YOU GO INTO A BREAKOUT ROOM
CLOSED CAPTIONING DOES NOT
BECOME AVAILABLE.
THEY&apos;RE LOOKING AT WANTING TO
ADJUST A FONT SIZE AND THE
NAMES OF MEETING PARTICIPANTS
FOR ACCESSIBILITY ALSO BEING
ABLE TO CHANGE THE SHAPE OF THE
CLOSED CAPTIONING BOX WHICH
COULD BE HELPFUL FOR SOME AS
WELL AS TOGGLING THE AUTO
SCROLLING ON THE ZOOME
TRANSCRIPT THERE IT IS LOOKING
UP A DRAFT TEMPLATE ASKING
ZOOME AND OTHERS ABOUT THESE
FEATURES AND A WAY FOR A DIRECT
REQUEST TO COME FROM INDIVIDUAL
PARTICIPANTS.
THEIR FEELING IS THAT THE
UNIVERSITY IS ITSELF AND MY
UNDERSTANDING HAS BEEN
STRUGGLING TO MOVE ANY OF THIS
FORWARD.
SO THEY&apos;RE HOPING THAT BY BY
INVOLVING THE PUBLIC, BY
INVOLVING UNIVERSITY STUDENTS,
FACULTY AND STAFF THAT
INDIVIDUAL REQUESTS WILL HELP
BUMP UP AND BUMP UP THE GENUINE
NEED FOR THESE TYPES
OF ACCOMMODATIONS.
THE SECOND ISSUE THAT WAS
DISCUSSED WAS THE PROCUREMENT
OF THEIR CART SERVICES AND ASOL
WHICH YOU CAN AGAIN READ THE
ADDITIONALLY THE CFTC HAS A FEW
UPCOMING EVENTS THAT I HOPE YOU
MIGHT CONSIDER ATTENDING.
THEY HAVE THE TWENTY TWENTY TWO
TOWARDS AN ANTI ABLEST ACADEMY
CONFERENCE WHICH STARTS
TOMORROW AND FEATURES OVER A
DOZEN SPEAKERS ON VARIOUS
TOPICS RELATED TO DISABILITY
AND THE UNIVERSITY AND YOU CAN
CHECK THAT OUT ON THE
UNIVERSITY WEBSITE.
&gt;&gt; THERE IS ALSO THE NEW BACKOR
AWARDS CEREMONY WHICH WILL BE
HELD VIRTUALLY NOVEMBER 4TH AT
ONE P.M. AND THE REGISTRATION
LINK IS IN YOUR PACKET ON THE
AGENDA ANY AGENDA.
&gt;&gt; SO THE NEXT MEETING IS
TUESDAY NOON VIA ZOOME ON
NOVEMBER EIGHT AND FINALLY I DO
HAVE AN ANNOUNCEMENT MY LIFE
HAS TAKEN ON SOME NEW
RESPONSIBILITIES SO I FIND THAT
I NEED TO STEP DOWN AS THE
LIAISON TO THE CENTER OR TO THE
COUNCIL FOR DISABILITY CONCERNS
AS WELL AS THE POSITION I HOLD
WITH THEM THEIR ADVISORY BOARD.
I HAVE SPOKEN WITH OUR CHAIR
ABOUT THIS AND I THINK WE&apos;LL BE
DISCUSSING FURTHER IN IN OUR
AGENDA BUT I JUST WANTED TO SAY
IT&apos;S BEEN A PLEASURE TO BE ABLE
TO DO THIS FOR YOU FOR THE LAST
I DON&apos;T KNOW, FOUR OR FIVE
YEARS AND I HOPE SOMEONE WILL
CONSIDER TAKING ON THE POSITION
IT&apos;S IT&apos;S I WILL STILL CONTINUE
TO TIME THE MEETINGS BUT I JUST
WON&apos;T BE RETURNING NOW.
SO PLEASE CONSIDER ABSOLUTELY.
AND WE CAPLING I JUST WANT TO
SAY THAT, YOU KNOW, WE
APPRECIATE YOUR EFFORTS, YOUR
CONTRIBUTION FOR MANY YEARS
THAT YOU&apos;VE GIVEN TO THE
COMMISSION ON BEHALF OF THE
COUNCIL FOR DISABILITY CONCERNS
AND YOU KNOW, WE&apos;RE VERY
GRATEFUL FOR YOUR EFFORTS THAT
YOU PUT FORTH IN KEEPING US
INFORMED ON WHAT&apos;S GOING ON AND
SO THANK YOU.
THANK YOU FOR THAT.
AND OF COURSE VOKES YOU KNOW,
IT DOESN&apos;T MEAN THAT SHE&apos;S JUST
TO JUST BE CLEAR SHE&apos;S NOT
LEAVING THE COMMISSION.
SHE&apos;S JUST LEAVING HER SEAT AS
REPORTING FOR THE COUNCIL FOR
DISABILITY CONCERNS THAT UM SO
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU, KATHLEEN.
ALL RIGHT.
AND I AND AS KATHLEEN POINTED
OUT, I JUST WANT TO NOTE I WILL
TOUCH A BIT ON THAT AS WELL
DURING MY CHAIR REPORT COMING
UP NEXT, WE GO TO THE CITY
PERSONNEL REPORT WITH DENISE.
I DON&apos;T HAVE ANYTHING TO REPORT
AT THIS MOMENT.
ALL RIGHT.
ALL IS WELL WITHIN THE CITY,
OK?
YEAH, YEAH.
WELL THANK YOU, DENISE.
AND WE APPRECIATE ALL YOUR
EFFORTS ON BEHALF OF THE CITY
OF ANN ARBOR AS WELL.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; YOU&apos;RE WELCOME.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL NEXT WE HAVE THE CHAIR
REPORT AND I HAVE A COUPLE
OF THINGS AS WELL.
WELL, FIRST OF ALL, I WANT TO
ANNOUNCE THAT, YOU KNOW,
OCTOBER IS DISABILITY
EMPLOYMENT AWARENESS MONTH AND
SO I HOPE THAT WE CAN ALL
INDIVIDUALLY RECOGNIZE THIS
WONDERFUL CELEBRATION
OF DISABILITY EMPLOYMENT WITHIN
OUR STATE AND WITHIN OUR
COMMUNITIES BECAUSE THAT IS
EXTREMELY IMPORTANT AND I HAD
THE DISTINCT PLEASURE AND I
HOPE ALL OF YOU CAN JOIN ME FOR
A COFFEE SOMETIME DOWNTOWN AT
BITTY AND BEAU&apos;S COFFEE SHOP.
THEY ARE A COFFEE SHOP.
YES, KATHLEEN IS CLAPPING BUT
THERE A COFFEE SHOP THAT IS
DEDICATED TO EMPLOYING PEOPLE
WITH DISABILITIES WITHIN OUR
COMMUNITY.
AND I HAVE TO SAY IT WAS A IT
WAS AN EXTREMELY UPLIFTING TO
ATTEND A SHOP AND GET A GREAT
CUP OF COFFEE AND GET A GREAT
PASTRY ALL YOU KNOW WITHIN THE
PARAMETERS OF EMPLOYING
INDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES,
MAKING SURE THAT THEY ARE, YOU
KNOW, CONTRIBUTING CITIZENS AND
GIVING BACK TO OUR FINANCIALLY
CHANGING OUR ECONOMY.
AND YOU KNOW, I HAVE TO TELL
YOU I WAS INSPIRED BECAUSE THE
ZEAL THAT THEY HAD JUST DOING
THEIR WORK AND DOING THEIR JOB
AT THE COFFEE SHOP WAS IT WAS
JUST REALLY REFRESHING AND AND
IT WAS NICE.
I HOPE ALL OF US CAN GET THERE
TO SUPPORT BETTY AMBO&apos;S
COFFEE AND SUPPORT THEIR
MISSION OF EMPLOYING PEOPLE
WITH DISABILITIES BUT ALSO JUST
TAKE TIME TO DO WHATEVER WE CAN
TO EXAMINE DISABILITY
EMPLOYMENT AWARENESS MONTH AND
CELEBRATE THAT AS WELL.
SO I WANTED TO POINT THAT ALSO
AS COMMISSIONER MOSADDEQ
MENTIONED, SHE IS LEAVING HER
POST AS THE COUNSEL FOR
DISABILITY CONCERNS LIAISON
WITH YOU.
SO I WANTED TO PUT THAT OUT
THERE THAT PLEASE YOU KNOW, WE
WANT TO CONTINUE GREAT
RELATIONSHIP WITH THE COUNCIL
FOR DISABILITY CONCERNS.
YOU WANT TO CONTINUE TO HAVE A
GOOD PRESENCE AND A GOOD
PIPELINE OF INFORMATION.
WHAT&apos;S GOING ON IN THE
UNIVERSITY COMMUNITY?
WHAT&apos;S BEING OFFERED ON CAMPUS
THAT POSSIBLY WE COULD PARTNER
WITH OR THAT WE COULD ATTEND AS
WELL TO?
SO I MEAN I FEEL LIKE YOU KNOW
WHAT THEY&apos;RE DOING ON CAMPUS
AND THEN IN MY OPINION WHAT WE
DO ON THE COMMISSION GO HAND IN
HAND.
YOU KNOW, THE MAJORITY OF THE
TIME.
AND SO I THINK THIS IS
SOMETHING THAT IS NOT TOO
TAXING AND I ALSO THINK THAT
IT&apos;S SOMETHING THAT IS VERY
IMPORTANT IN KEEPING US
INFORMED ON WHAT&apos;S GOING ON.
UM, ACCESSABILITY WITHIN THE
UNIVERSITY AND AND ON THEIR
CAMPUS.
SO IF ANY OF YOU ARE INTERESTED
IN THIS, YOU CAN SEE AND WANT
TO PURSUE THAT.
I REALLY ENCOURAGE YOU TO SEND
ME AN EMAIL DENISE ON THAT AND
WE CAN DISCUSS THAT WITH YOU
AND LET COMMISSIONER MOSADDEQ
KNOW AS WELL SO THAT THEY CAN
SO THAT COMMISSIONER MOSADDEQ
CAN BRIEF YOU ON ANY PROCEDURES
OR DIFFERENT THINGS THAT YOU
WOULD NEED TO DO TO ADEQUATELY
FILL THAT SEAT.
BUT I WANT TO URGE AND
CHALLENGE ANY OF YOU ON THE
COMMISSION TO STEP UP AND TAKE
THIS LEADERSHIP ROLE AND
CONTINUE A GREAT RELATIONSHIP
THAT WE HAVE.
THANK YOU.
NEXT, I JUST WANTED TO TALK
ABOUT RECRUITMENT FOR A MINUTE.
I KNOW LARRY IS DOING A GREAT
JOB WITH THAT.
I KNOW WE HAVE SOME PERSPECTIVE
COMMISSIONERS IN LINE SO I&apos;M
VERY EXCITED TO REVIEW THOSE
APPLICATIONS AND GO THROUGH
THAT PROCESS AND POSSIBLY GET
SOME SEATS FILLED HERE ON OUR
COMMISSION AS WE HAD MENTIONED
IN PREVIOUS MEETINGS WHERE
WE&apos;RE IN FORMATION OF FORMING A
RECRUITMENT SUBCOMMITTEE SO
THAT OUR RECRUITMENT SPECIALIST
MR. KEELER DOESN&apos;T HAVE TO
NECESSARILY HAVE THE DAUNTING
TASK OF REVIEWING ALL OF THE
APPLICATIONS HIMSELF.
BUT YET HE CAN HAVE PEOPLE THAT
CAN MEET WITH HIM AND REVIEW
THOSE AND DISCUSS THE MOST
QUALIFIED APPLICANTS THAT HAVE
SUBMITTED SO I ALSO WANT TO
URGE ALL OF THESE ANY ANY
COMMISSION ARE AVAILABLE THAT
IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO BE A PART
OF THE RECRUITMENT SUBCOMMITTEE
AND THIS IS SOMETHING THAT YOU
ARE INTERESTED IN, I URGE YOU
TO JOIN MYSELF AND LARRY AND
AND BE A PART OF THIS
RECRUITMENT SUBCOMMITTEE SO
THAT WE CAN ADEQUATELY REVIEW
THESE APPLICATIONS AND SELECT
THE MOST QUALIFIED INDIVIDUALS
TO RECOMMEND TO THE CITY TO
FILL COMMISSION SEATS.
SO THANK YOU FOR THAT.
AS FAR AS THE CHAIR REPORT AT
THIS POINT THAT IS ALL THAT I
HAVE.
BUT I WANT TO SAY THAT IF
THERE&apos;S ANYTHING ELSE GOING
FORWARD I ENCOURAGE EVERYONE TO
UNDERSTAND THAT I AM OPEN AND
I&apos;M AVAILABLE FOR FEEDBACK AND
IF THERE ARE ANYTHING THAT US
COMMISSIONERS OR ANYBODY ELSE
VIEWING I WANT TO EXPRESS TO ME
AS CHAIRMAN OF THE COMMISSION
ON DISABILITY ISSUES I&apos;M OPEN
TO HEARING YOUR FEEDBACK SO
THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; THAT IS THE CHAIR REPORT
CHAIR DIAMOND LARRY
COMMISSIONER VICE CHAIR RATHER
HAND UP OH I&apos;M SO SORRY.
&gt;&gt; OK, LARRY.
WELL I WAS WAITING.
WE WILL WAIT UNTIL YOU&apos;RE
FINISHED.
THANKS DAD .
HE SAID DON&apos;T INTERRUPT HIM TO
QUESTION COMMENT ONE QUESTION
TWO SMALL COMMENTS.
THE QUESTION IS WHERE&apos;S THE
COFFEE SHOP WHEN AND WHAT IS
THE NAME OF IT?
&gt;&gt; THE COFFEE SHOP.
YES, YES, ABSOLUTELY.
IT IS CALLED BITTY AND BEAU&apos;S
COFFEE SHOP AND IT IS LOCATED
ONE SECOND
THREE OF FIVE SOUTH
MAIN STREET.
&gt;&gt; IT&apos;S RIGHT NEXT.
I ONLY KNOW WHERE THE BEER IT&apos;S
RIGHT NEXT TO WHAT YOU MORE
INDIAN CUISINE.
&gt;&gt; OH OK.
I KNOW SHALIMAR IS THE I NLM
ALMOST ACROSS THE STREET FROM
THE VERY PLACE.
&gt;&gt; THAT&apos;S CORRECT YEAH.
RIGHT NOW NOW THE NEXT THING IS
A COMMENT.
THE COMMENT IS I HAVE TWO I ONE
I COULD I WOULD THINK ANYBODY
WHO WANTS TO JOIN ME TO HELP ME
OUT BECAUSE
OF COURSE I&apos;M DOING
THIS BUT I GOT LIFE TOO YOU
KNOW SOMETIMES I&apos;VE HAD WEIRD
THINGS GOING ON LIKE YEAH AND
IT&apos;S LIFE BUT THE OTHER THING
IS THAT STARBUCKS ALSO EMPLOYS
A LOT OF PEOPLE WITH
DISABILITIES.
MY DAUGHTER WAS HAS BEEN
WORKING FOR STARBUCKS FOR
SOMETHING LIKE SIX OR SEVEN
YEARS AND FOR SOME OF THOSE
KNOW ME MY DAUGHTERS YOU NEVER
MET HER BUT SHE&apos;S SHE&apos;S AND
SHE&apos;S BEEN WORKING IN EAST
LANSING AND THEN SHE
TRANSFERRED UP TO MARQUETTE.
I DON&apos;T FEEL ANY SORRY FOR HER
BECAUSE I WENT THERE MYSELF AND
THIRTY YEARS AGO IT WAS COLD
AND IT&apos;S STILL COLD.
BUT SHE&apos;S SHE&apos;S BEEN WORKING
AND SHE&apos;S SHE&apos;S A BARISTA UP
THERE AND SHE&apos;S HAVING A
WONDERFUL TIME OF IT.
WELL, GOOD LARRY.
ABSOLUTELY.
AND YOU KNOW, I AM FAMILIAR
VAGUELY WITH, YOU KNOW,
STARBUCKS EFFORTS TO ALSO HIRE
PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES AS
WELL.
AND SO I DO APPRECIATE YOU
BRINGING THAT UP AND I THINK
YOU KNOW, WITH THEM WITH
STARBUCKS IN THEIR EFFORTS BUT
ALSO WITH THE BUSINESS MODEL
THAT BETTY AMBROSE HAS, I THINK
I THINK THERE&apos;S SOME GOOD
HEADWAY AND SOME GOOD POSITIVE
CHANGE THAT&apos;S GOING FORTH AND
DISABILITY EMPLOYMENT AND KIND
OF THOSE OPPORTUNITIES THAT ARE
BEING PRESENTED AND ABSOLUTELY
AND YOU KNOW, I JUST WANT TO
SAY I&apos;VE NEVER MET YOUR
DAUGHTER BUT MARQUETTE&apos;S A
BEAUTIFUL AREA.
LOVE UP THERE IN NORTHERN
MICHIGAN.
BUT YOU KNOW, I JUST WORK FOR,
YOU KNOW, WANTING TO WORK AND
AGAIN TO DO OUR PART AND YOU
KNOW, GAIN GOOD SKILLS AND
DEFINITELY APPRECIATE YOU
SHOWING THAT.
ALL RIGHT.
SO LET&apos;S SEE MOVING ON UNDER
OLD BUSINESS WE AGAIN I JUST
WANT TO TOUCH AGAIN ON THE
SUBCOMMITTEE AND RECRUITMENT
BECAUSE I WANT TO I ALSO WANT
TO POINT OUT JUST HOW IMPORTANT
I BELIEVE THAT THIS RECRUITMENT
SUBCOMMITTEE IS, YOU GUYS
BECAUSE IF WE CAN GET SOME
DEDICATED INDIVIDUALS THAT CAN
MEET, YOU KNOW, AT A DESIGNATED
TIME AND HAVE AN OPPORTUNITY TO
REVIEW THESE APPLICATIONS, WHAT
THAT&apos;S ALSO GOING TO DO IS IT&apos;S
ALSO GOING TO SET US UP TO HAVE
A REGULAR QUORUM RIGHT.
TO BE ABLE TO HAVE SOME
INDIVIDUALS THAT ARE FILLING
THE SEATS SO THEY GUESS WHAT I
MEAN.
I ENJOY SHARING THE INFORMATION
BUT I&apos;D ALSO ENJOY VOTING ON
SOME THINGS AND BEING ABLE TO
HAVE A QUORUM SO THAT WE CAN
VOTE AND AND AND DO THE WORK
THAT WE&apos;RE MEANT TO DO.
AND I HAVE TO SAY THAT WHEN YOU
DON&apos;T HAVE A QUORUM IT&apos;S VERY,
VERY DIFFICULT TO DO THAT.
AND SO I THINK THAT RECRUITMENT
SHOULD BE SOMETHING THAT IS
VERY PARAMOUNT TO US GOING
FORWARD AND I WANT TO JUST
COMMEND ALL THE COMMISSIONERS
CURRENTLY JUST FOR YOUR
COMMITMENT AND YOU KNOW YOUR
YOUR CONSTANT ZEAL TO BE A PART
OF OF THE COMMISSION.
BUT I ENCOURAGE ALL OF YOU THAT
IF YOU KNOW OF OTHERS AND I&apos;M
GOING TO DO THIS MYSELF BUT IF
YOU KNOW OF OTHERS THAT YOU
FEEL COULD BE A GREAT FIT AND
FILL A SEAT ON OUR COMMISSION
AND ARE A PART OF OUR COMMUNITY
AND YOU FEEL WOULD BE A GREAT
ASSET, I ENCOURAGE YOU TO SHARE
INFORMATION ABOUT WHAT WE&apos;RE
DOING AND HOW TO APPLY AND YOU
KNOW IF THEY WIN IF WE BELIEVE
THAT THEY&apos;RE A GOOD FIT THEN
THEN THEY MAY BE SO JUST PLEASE
TRY AND GET THE WORD OUT ABOUT
RECRUITMENT.
BUT AGAIN, AS FAR AS THE
SUBCOMMITTEE GOES, PLEASE
CONSIDER THAT YOU KNOW, IT
DOESN&apos;T HAVE TO BE A HUGE
SUBCOMMITTEE.
I WOULD SAY, YOU KNOW, WITH
LARRY AT THE HELM MAYBE ONLY
NEEDS TO BE TWO OR THREE OF US
,YOU KNOW, AT THE LEAST.
AND IF THERE&apos;S MORE GREAT BUT I
WOULD SAY IF WE CAN HAVE YOU
KNOW, ADDITIONALLY TWO OTHER
TWO OR THREE OTHER PEOPLE TO
HELP LARRY IN THE RECRUITMENT
PROCESSES IN REVIEWING THESE
APPLICATIONS WHICH MANY
OF THESE APPLICATIONS THAT
THEY&apos;RE GREAT GREAT
INDIVIDUALS, QUALIFIED
INDIVIDUALS ARE VERY CAPABLE
AND VERY PASSIONATE.
YOU KNOW, WE WANT TO GIVE THEM
THAT OPPORTUNITY.
BUT AS LARRY MENTIONED, YOU
KNOW, LIFE HAPPENS AND NO ONE
CAN DO EVERYTHING BY
THEMSELVES.
SO I JUST WANTED TO SAY ONE
MORE PITCH ABOUT THAT.
ALL RIGHT.
OK, SEE AS FAR AS
COMMUNICATIONS GOES, WE HAVE
COMMUNITY CALENDAR UP AND GOING
.
OUR NEXT MEETING IS GOING TO BE
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16TH AT
FOUR P.M. AND OF COURSE WE WILL
BE MEETING VIA VIA ELECTRONIC
MEETING YET AGAIN.
AND I HAVE TO TELL YOU GUYS
BECAUSE OF MICHIGAN WINTERS AND
OUR FALL IS GOING TO BE YOU
KNOW, I&apos;M GRATEFUL THAT WE&apos;RE
ABLE TO MEET REMOTELY AND
HOPEFULLY THIS IS JUST
CONVENIENT FOR FOR MOST OF YOU
.
BUT THERE WILL BE A TIME
EVENTUALLY, YOU KNOW, WHEN
THINGS DO GO BACK TO IN PERSON.
BUT YOU KNOW, I&apos;M GRATEFUL FOR
THE CITY AND THEN PROVIDING THE
OPPORTUNITY FOR US TO KEEP OUR
MEETINGS ACCESSIBLE SO THAT THE
ELEMENTS GOING FORWARD INTO THE
FALL ARE NOT AN ISSUE.
&gt;&gt; ABSOLUTELY NOT SURE.
AND WE OVERLOOK NEW BUSINESS.
OH, I&apos;M SO SORRY ABOUT THAT.
OK, YEAH LET ME LOOK AT THAT.
OH YES YOU&apos;RE RIGHT.
GOSH I&apos;M SORRY ABOUT THAT.
SO YEAH IN NEW BUSINESS I DO
APOLOGIZE FOLKS WE HAVE A NEW
DIRECTOR OF ORGANIZATIONAL
ORGANIZATIONAL EQUITY AND THAT
IS LAURA OR IF I PRONOUNCE YOUR
NAME CORRECTLY AND I&apos;M I&apos;M
REALLY EXCITED TO ANNOUNCE THAT
SHE&apos;LL BE ATTENDING OUR MEETING
COMING UP I BELIEVE I&apos;M MEETING
NEXT MONTH SO I&apos;M VERY, VERY
EXCITED AND I&apos;M VERY EXCITED
AND GRATEFUL FOR THE WORK THAT
CITY COMMISSIONER TONY HAS PUT
IN AS WELL BECAUSE HE HAD
MENTIONED TO A FEW
COMMISSIONERS WHO WERE REALLY
TRYING TO ENGAGE TO GET CITY
ADDED COORDINATOR POSITION TO
GET THAT SOLIDIFIED AGAIN.
I&apos;M GLAD TO REPORT THAT WE DID
AND HE DID REPORT THAT ONCE
THAT EQUITY POSITION WAS FILLED
THAT THAT WOULD BE A TOP
PROJECT PRIORITY FOR FOR THIS
PERSON.
SO I&apos;M EXCITED TO WELCOME HER
TO OUR MEETING AND THEN
OF COURSE GETTING THAT PROCESS
GOING OF THE CITY ADDS A
COORDINATOR AND BEGINNING THAT
AS WELL.
SO THANK DENISE I&apos;M SORRY I
OVERLOOKED THAT IN THIS LONG
AWAITED BUT BUT YES, VERY
EXCITED TO WELCOME HER NEXT.
AND I WANT TO ENCOURAGE
COMMISSIONERS BY THE WAY, IF
YOU GUYS DO HAVE SOME QUESTIONS
FOR HER, PLEASE FEEL FREE TO
SEND THOSE IN ADVANCE TO MYSELF
OR DENISE SO THAT WE CAN HAVE
THOSE PREPPED AND READY TO GO
FOR HER WHEN SHE PRESENTS SO
THAT SHE CAN ANSWER THOSE.
I WOULD SAY TO THE BEST OF HER
ABILITY AND BE ABLE TO HAVE
THOSE YOU KNOW, ON THIS PUBLIC
FORUM AS WELL.
SO ALL RIGHT.
I THINK THAT&apos;S THAT&apos;S ALL FOR
NEW BUSINESS.
SO YEAH, IS THERE ANY OTHER
ANNOUNCEMENTS OR ANY OTHER
POINTS OF INFORMATION BEFORE WE
ADJOURN?
RACHEL AND I JUST WANTED TO ADD
SO I DID MESSAGE DENISE ABOUT
ANN ARBOR INCLUSIVE AND GOT A
RESPONSE WHAT WE&apos;VE BEEN
TALKING SO THEY ARE STILL
FILMING REMOTELY BUT THEY&apos;RE
FINDING THAT&apos;S REALLY ENHANCING
THE PEOPLE THAT THEY&apos;RE ABLE TO
ENGAGE WITH BECAUSE THERE&apos;S
PEOPLE FROM ALL ALL THROUGHOUT
MICHIGAN THAT THEY&apos;VE BEEN
WORKING WITH WHO AREN&apos;T
NECESSARILY BASED IN ANN ARBOR
BUT ARE THERE THE SERVICES AND
THE PROGRAMS THAT THEY&apos;RE
INVOLVED IN REALLY APPLY TO US
AS WELL.
SO THAT WAS MELISSA&apos;S UPDATE?
&gt;&gt; OH YEAH.
NO, ABSOLUTELY.
I MEAN DOING A YOU KNOW, DOING
REMOTE PRODUCTION IT ALOUD
MAKES THINGS A LOT EASIER
ESPECIALLY IF THEY&apos;RE IN THE
UPPER NORTHERN MICHIGAN.
THEY DON&apos;T HAVE TO MAKE THE
TREK ALL THE WAY TO THE STUDIO.
ABSOLUTELY.
AND THANK YOU THANK YOU FOR
THAT UPDATE IN OUR EXCLUSIVE
DENENE CONTINUING TO DO A GREAT
JOB IN KEEPING THE CITY
INFORMED OF WHAT&apos;S GOING ON IN
THE RESOURCES OF MICHIGAN AS
FAR AS DISABILITY RESOURCES GO
AND OF COURSE THE COMMUNITY
TELEVISION NETWORK DOING A
GREAT JOB AS WELL AS ANY OTHER
ANNOUNCEMENTS BEFORE OUR
JOURNEY.
OK, WELL WITH THAT FOLKS IT IS
FIVE O&apos;CLOCK SO I WILL ADJOURN
THIS MEETING.
I WANT TO THANK EVERYONE WHO
PARTICIPATED WHO JOINED US THIS
AFTERNOON WHO SHARED
INFORMATION FOR JOINING US.
IF YOU DO HAVE INQUIRIES ABOUT
THE ANN HARBOR COMMISSION ON
DISABILITY ISSUES OR WANT TO
KNOW MORE ABOUT DISABILITY
RESOURCES, FEEL FREE TO VISIT
THE DISABILITY RESOURCE WEBPAGE
ONLINE AT THE CITY WEBSITE DAY
TO GAG SLASH DISABILITY
RESOURCES AND AGAIN I&apos;D LIKE TO
THANK THE CITY OF ANN ARBOR AND
THE COMMUNITY TELEVISION
NETWORK FOR ALL OF THEIR
CONTINUED WORK AND EFFORTS IN
KEEPING OUR CITY EDUCATED AND
ACCESSIBLE FOR ALL.
THANK YOU AND WE&apos;LL SEE YOU
NEXT MONTH AND I LOVE